How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
I was able to quickly find the differences between two files so I could trace down where the error was introduced. This was a LOT easier than trying to compare every line by hand to locate the error.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
Having prior versions allows me to see the progression of the code development especially if I wasn't in complete control of said code from beginning to end. I can also revert back to prior version based on date if I know a certain feature/bug happened around a specific date period.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
With manual commits, I control how/small the content is for each commit and can make sure it's a logical breakpoint. The con of manual commits is that I can sloppy and forget to perform them at the right time. With auto commits, I don't have to worry about forgetting to perform them since they will be automatically taken. A con is the contents of these automatic commits may not contain completed code or even be compilable.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Because code is often separated into multiple files which then have dependence.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
I can use git log to look thru the various commits. And, I can use git diff with two commit IDs to get the difference between them so I can more easily understand what changed.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
If I use commits properly, I can always revert back my changes and undo anything I broken with my updates.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
Various development projects in R and Python. Will probably come in very handy for the PSU Data Mining Course this Fall.


